Skip to content
Product
Solutions
Templates
Pricing
Help & resources
Sign up
Log in

school
{back to school sale}

Save an additional 20% on group subscriptions

Save when you buy a new educational subscription of 20+ users. Mention the sale when you contact our team by October 15.

Get in touch

{overleaf for universities}
Collaborative LaTeX for labs and institutions

From research groups to departments to the entire campus: reduce friction in your research infrastructure with Overleaf, and centralize subscriptions.

Unlock faster compilations, in-editor AI assistance, powerful integrations, and more.

Talk to Sales

Over 25 million users at research institutions and businesses worldwide love Overleaf

View institutions using Overleaf

{plans}
Save up to 35% with volume-based discounts

From research groups and departments to campus-wide access, we have plans that help you consolidate and centralize spending, and simplify user entitlement.

Standard

For research groups, or small departments. Premium features for all members, including:

Up to 10 invited collaborators
Real-time track changes
Full project history
Enhanced performance
Third-party integrations
Standard Overleaf AI allowance

Contact us

Pro

For groups of researchers that need the maximum editor feature set. Pro has all the benefits of Standard, plus:

Single sign-on (SSO)
Unlimited collaborators per project
Max Overleaf AI allowance

Contact us

Commons AI

Unlock premium Overleaf features and unlimited collaboration best suited for your entire department or campus.

Streamlined user enrollment and single sign on (SSO)
Custom resource portal
Enhanced support and onboarding
Max Overleaf AI allowance

Contact us

Looking for student and individual plans?

Individual plans, including an option for students, can be purchased online.

Buy now

{supporting research collaboration}
Universities subscribing to Overleaf see expanded collaboration and time savings

globe

111

Average collaborating countries

30% increase

in collaborating organizations

5 hours

average time saved per project, as reported by users

{security and compliance}
Built to meet university requirements

Overleaf is designed for how universities need to comply with security, accessibility, and data requirements.

security

Enterprise-grade security

Trust our enterprise-grade security in all the ways your team collaborates, shares, and stores their work.

groups

SAML SSO

SAML single sign-on (SSO) helps you stay in control of user access and enjoy the benefit of hands-off entitlement.

globe

Accessibility

Overleaf can produce PDFs that contain the tags required by PDF/UA-2 to make an accessible PDF. The product conforms with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2 Level AA.

workspace_premium

ISO certified

Overleaf, as part of Digital Science, is certified in compliance with ISO/IEC 27001:2022.

verified_user

Regulatory compliance

We comply with leading global regulations such as GDPR and UKGDPR.

Personalized support and onboarding

Commons AI customers receive personalized support and onboarding from our team of experts.

Talk to Sales

{features}
The essential writing platform for academics and students

Let us do the support

We’ll get you up and running in no time.

No installation (for cloud options)
No LaTeX package management
Training videos and webinars
Overleaf Learning modules and product help
High-quality support from real people with LaTeX expertise

Gain powerful data insights

Get the full picture of how your researchers and students are collaborating.

Insights on internal usage, editing sessions, and collaboration
Data on how your users are collaborating with other universities, research institutions, and businesses
Download and share insights whenever you need to

Enable collaboration without bounds

Make global, interdisciplinary research easier for everyone.

Shared projects
Real-time track changes 
Premium
Commenting
Full project history 
Premium
LaTeX Code Editor and Visual Editor for beginners and experts
Enhanced performance (faster servers and more compilation time) 
Premium

Explore premium featuresarrow_right_alt

Discover low-friction academic writing

Give your researchers the ability to write journal manuscripts, conference presentations, theses, and other documents more easily and efficiently.

Ideal for long and complex content
Beautiful formatting
Streamlined reference management for bibliographies and citations 
Premium
Better formulas, figures, and tables
Integrations with Git, GitHub, Dropbox, ReadCube, Zotero, and Mendeley 
Premium
Produce accessible PDFs
Choose from 1000s of templates or create your own

Discover LaTeXarrow_right_alt

No context- or window-switching with Overleaf AI built in
Write LaTeX and troubleshoot code errors faster
Find missing references, verified against Dimensions 
Premium
Language suggestions tailored to academic and technical writing
Ready-made prompts for common LaTeX tasks 
Premium
Your data is never used for training AI models without your consent
Users can disable AI features, giving them full control

Review Overleaf AI capabilitiesarrow_right_alt

It’s easy to use, very intuitive, with nothing to install—just open and write. And the ability to have our template loaded and ready for students to use made it a perfect fit.

Andy Hughes
Manager of Web and Multimedia Services
Electrical Engineering Department, Purdue University
Read the full storyarrow_right_alt
{customer stories}
Join the organizations writing smarter in Overleaf

Explore customer stories

The University of Manchester sees international collaboration thrive with Overleaf
arrow_outward

The leading UK university more than quadrupled the number of institutions with which it collaborates and saw a 310% jump in new projects.

Purdue Graduate School improves its thesis writing process with Overleaf
arrow_outward

Time spent on formatting and reviewing was dramatically reduced after Overleaf was adopted by the leading American public research university.

Ivy League aerospace engineering team increases efficiency with Overleaf
arrow_outward

Undergraduates at New York’s Cornell University collaborated easily and efficiently on a global competition entry after switching to Overleaf’s collaborative LaTeX editor.

\begin{now}

Our friendly team will help you find the right solution for your organization.

Talk to Sales

About
About us
Careers
Blog
Solutions
For business
For universities
For government
For publishers
Customer stories
Learn
Get started with LaTeX in Overleaf
Templates
Webinars
Overleaf learning center
How to insert images
How to create tables
Pricing
For individuals
For groups and organizations
For students
Get involved
Let us know what you think
Help
Documentation
Contact us
Website status
© 2026 Overleaf
Privacy and Terms
Compliance
translate English
Overleaf on X
Overleaf on Facebook
Overleaf on LinkedIn
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site, for analytics, and to support marketing, which may involve the sharing of data. You can find out more in our cookie policy.
Essential cookies onlyAccept all cookies