Education

Get Help

Autodesk education support

Find help and resources for all your education, learning, and training needs.
Explore support resources for your education plan
Explore Autodesk resources
Start of 4-item list "Explore support resources for your education plan". Skip to end?
Need help? Ask the Autodesk assistant
Click the chat icon to find the help you need to get products, set up accounts, install software, and more.
Ask the assistant
Autodesk Bildungs-Konto-Support
Find answers to your questions about the Autodesk education subscriptions, eligibility, and access to products.
View guides
Product documentation and support
Find documentation, downloads, videos, and more resources for Autodesk professional products.
View resources
Product forums and groups
Find support in the collective wisdom of Autodesk customers and experts.
Visit forums and groups
End of 4-item list "Explore support resources for your education plan". Skip to start?

Unlock your free product access

Get products
Follow us for additional resources and project inspiration
Youtube

X (Twitter)

Facebook

Instagram

Educational support FAQ

Who's eligible for the Autodesk Education plan?

Eligible students and educators are those who are enrolled at, employed by, or contractors of a qualified educational institution, which is one that has been accredited by an authorized governmental agency for the primary purpose of teaching enrolled students. This includes accredited middle schools, high schools, higher education institutions, and homeschools. Lab and IT administrators of qualified educational institutions can also gain access to benefits and free multi-user access.

For more information, see Who is eligible for the Education plan?

What's included in the Autodesk Education plan?

Autodesk software and services accessed through the Education plan contain the same features and functionality available through paid subscription. Most Autodesk titles are available through the Education plan, including older versions and web services like A360 Rendering and Fusion 360. Access includes the current version plus up to three prior versions (where available). For a list of software and services, visit the Get Products page.

For more information, see About the Autodesk Education plan.

How do students and educators get access to Autodesk products for individual use?

If you already have an Autodesk account, sign in using the "sign in" icon at the top right of the page.

Select the product you need on Education Products Page.

Next, select the Individual subscription plan.

For more information, see Get started for students and educators.

How do educators get access to Autodesk products for their class?

If you already have an Autodesk account, sign in using the "sign in" icon at the top right of the page.

Select the product you need on Education Products Page.

Next, select the Classroom subscription plan.

How do students access a product assigned by their educator?

If your educator has used their Autodesk Education plan to assign educational product access to you, then you do not have to confirm your eligibility for educational access.

To access a product that has been assigned to you, simply follow these step-by-step instructions.

What kinds of documents can I use to confirm eligibility?

You may be asked to submit additional documentation for proof of eligibility. This documentation must include:

Full name (must match name as shown in school registration)

Full name of the educational institution

A date within the current school term

Here are some examples of appropriate documentation, assuming they include the information above:

Official letter from the educational institutionNote: Here are templates of such a letter for students and faculty.

Registration receipt

Tuition receipt

Student or employee ID (photo not required)

Transcript

Faculty listing on school website

For more information, see Confirm eligibility for students and educators.

How long will it take to confirm my eligibility?

You will not be able to access software under the Education plan until your eligibility is confirmed. Be sure to start the process of confirming your eligibility early enough to make sure you have access when class starts.

If your school is not already listed as a qualified educational institution, it typically takes up to seven days to validate it.

If you have to upload documentation, it typically takes up to two days to confirm your eligibility.

For more information, see Confirm eligibility for students and educators.

What do I do if my access expires?

Make sure you are still eligible for educational access by reviewing who is eligible.

On the Education Products Page sign in using the "sign in" icon at the top right of the page.

If your Educational Access expiration date has not passed, you can click Renew in the personalized banner notification. Once you confirm your eligibility, your access will be automatically extended for another year. Any product subscriptions that you hold will also be automatically extended for another year.

If your Educational Access expiration date has passed, select a product to start the verification process. Note: Once you confirm your eligibility, you will only have a subscription to the product you selected, as your previous product subscriptions have expired. You will need to return to the Education Products Page to select more products. For more information, see Renew access for students and educators.

Are there steps to guide me through the entire process to get access?

We have several guides to walk you through the onboarding and renewal process:

Student's guide to the education plan.

Educator's guide to the education plan.

Admin's guide to the education plan.

See more FAQ

Legal terms and conditions

Free Autodesk software and/or cloud-based services are subject to acceptance of and compliance with the terms and conditions of the terms of use and/or other terms that accompany such software or cloud-based services. Software and cloud-based services subject to an Educational license or subscription may be used by eligible users solely for Educational Purposes and shall not be used for commercial, professional or any other for-profit purposes.

Autodesk

Company overviewCareers

Investor relations

Autodesk Trust Center

Newsroom

Global Belonging at AutodeskLA28 Games

 

Autodesk Foundation

SustainabilityContact UsStudents and educatorsAffiliate program

Autodesk Research

Design & Make with Autodesk

How to buy

View all productsBuying with AutodeskRenewal optionsFind a partnerSales and refundsChoose your subscription planPrepay pricing for occasional use

Support

Manage your accountDownload and install software

Autodesk Product Status

Autodesk CommunityEducation supportContact support
Privacy|Do not sell or share my personal information|Cookie preferences|Report noncompliance|Terms of use|Legal|© 2026 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved

Autodesk

Company overview
Careers
Investor relations
Autodesk Trust Center
Newsroom
Global Belonging at Autodesk
LA28 Games
Autodesk Foundation
Sustainability
Contact Us
Students and educators
Affiliate program
Autodesk Research
Design & Make with Autodesk

How to buy

View all products
Buying with Autodesk
Renewal options
Find a partner
Sales and refunds
Choose your subscription plan
Prepay pricing for occasional use

Support

Manage your account
Download and install software
Autodesk Product Status
Autodesk Community
Education support
Contact support
PrivacyDo not sell or share my personal informationCookie preferencesReport noncomplianceTerms of useLegal© 2026 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved