Start your 3D journey with Substance.
Free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers License.
SUBSTANCE 3D COLLECTION APPS ARE AVAILABLE FOR FREE FOR STUDENTS AND TEACHERS IN HIGHER EDUCATION INSTITUTIONS.

See FAQ to learn more about the eligibility conditions.

Substance 3D Painter

Texture 3D models in real time with this industry standard app.

Learn more
Substance 3D Sampler

Create 3D materials and lights in a flash from real-life images.

Learn more
Substance 3D Designer

Design parametric 3D assets with full control and infinite possibilities.

Learn more
Substance 3D Stager

Compose and render state-of-the-art 3D scenes in your own virtual studio.

Learn more
Substance 3D Modeler

Adobe Substance 3D Modeler will bring more sculpting possibilities to your Substance 3D workflow.

Learn more
STEP #1: CREATE YOUR ADOBE ACCOUNT
You’ll need an Adobe Account to get your redemption code and access Substance 3D apps.
Already have an account? Go to step #2.
Create an account
STEP #2: SUBMIT YOUR REQUEST
Fill out your email and country/region.


Fields marked with an * are required
Adobe ID * 
Same email as your Adobe account
Country / Region *
United States
Algeria
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Belgium
Bolivia
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Crotia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iceland
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea (South)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
Trinidad and Tobago
Turkey
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates (UAE)
Ukraine
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam

Information collected is for determining eligibility only.


STEP #3: VERIFY YOUR ELIGIBILITY
Please check your inbox for an email from donotreply@adobepartneroffer.com and follow the link in the email to verify your eligibility.
Verify the eligibility at https://www.identit-e.com/checkstatus/login

(Sometimes our automated emails get redirected to your spam folder or promotions folder. If you don’t find the email please take a quick look there before reaching out to our support team.)
STEP #4: REDEEM YOUR CODE AND GET ACCESS
Once your eligibility is validated, you will receive your redemption code and instructions by email from Identitie.

Then, you can install Substance 3D apps and enjoy for free!

Enter your redemption code
Download Substance 3D apps
Browse Substance 3D Community Assets

Get content to use with the Substance apps and beyond. The assets are created by the community, shared for free, and will give you a lot to play with: materials, models, generators, and more!

Browse Substance 3D Community Assets
Learn how to create beautiful 3D

Get the latest courses and tutorials for the Adobe Substance 3D apps. Learn more about Modeler, Stager, Painter, Designer, and Sampler.

Browse Substance 3D Tutorials
Join the Substance 3D Community

Get your daily dose of Substance 3D inspiration, by the community. Discover a never-ending selection of artworks, coming from different industries like video games, VFX, fashion, product design, automotive, architecture, and more.

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Discord
Creative Cloud All Apps for students and teachers

Create what’s true to you, whatever you’re into. Save over 60% on the Creative Cloud All Apps plan if you’re a student or teacher.

US$19.99/mo US$54.99/mo See terms

Learn more
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Who is eligible for the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license? 
I am a student or teacher in high school, can I have the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license?
How do I get a free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license?
How long will the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license last?
Which Apps are included with my free 3D Substance for Students and Teachers license?
Which services are included with my free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license?
How do I activate the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license?
Can I use the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license for commercial work?
Can I display work created with my free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license on my portfolio?
On which operating system can I use the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license?
I am graduating soon and will no longer be a student. What are my options to continue using the Substance 3D apps?
Can I use the free Substance 3D for Students and Teachers license to teach or study in class
Cookie Settings
Don’t enable Enable all Confirm my choices
General information
You are in control of your data.

You can control how Adobe websites use cookies and similar technologies by making choices below. But note that if you disable cookies and similar technologies entirely, Adobe websites may not function properly.

What are cookies and why does Adobe use them?

Cookies are small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites. There are also other technologies that can be used for similar purposes like HTML5 Local Storage and local shared objects, web beacons, and embedded scripts. These technologies help us do things like remembering you and your preferences when you return to our sites, measure how you use the website, conduct market research, and gather information about the ads you see and interact with.

How do I make choices?

You can make choices in the menu below about what cookies and other technologies you want us to use on Adobe sites when you visit them from this browser. You can always change those choices later by clicking on the Cookie Preferences link at the bottom of the page.

If enabled:
We can improve your experience by tailoring the site and the content to things we think might be of interest
We can better keep track of your preferences — like what language you prefer to use
We will better understand your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant Adobe ads and content on non-Adobe websites and in non-Adobe apps
It will help us improve the performance of our website and those of our partners who use the Adobe Experience Cloud
If disabled:
We won’t be able to remember you from session to session so the experience may not be tailored to your interests
You’ll still have access to the content of the site but certain features that depend on cookies may not function
You’ll still see ads, they just may not be as relevant to you
Enable all
Measure performance
Measure performance

These cookies are used to analyze site usage to measure and improve performance. Without them Adobe cannot know what content is most valued and how often unique visitors return to the site, making it hard to improve information we offer to you.

Cookie details‎
Personalize advertising
Personalize advertising

These cookies are used to enable Adobe and our partners to serve ads more relevant to your interests. Without them you will still see ads, but they might not be as relevant to you.

Cookie details‎
Confirm my choices

Back

 
Performance Cookies

Vendor Search   

Clear Filters

Information storage and access
Apply
Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
All Consent Allowed
Confirm my choices