Skip to main content

Products
Solutions
Community
Resources
Pricing
Log in
Contact sales
Get startedGet started for free
Log in
Contact sales
Get startedGet started for free

FIGMA FOR EDUCATION

Free best-in-class tools for the classroom

Figma and FigJam are design and collaboration software used by professional designers, engineers, and makers of all kinds. Use them to ideate, create, and share work—all free, as a student or teacher.

Get verifiedJoin a workshop
Tools for the classroom
Explore ideas together with FigJam

FigJam is an online whiteboard where possibilities turn into plans. Teachers can facilitate collaborative group learning while encouraging active participation from students. It’s best suited for classroom discussions, brainstorms, and group work.

Bring ideas to life with Figma

Figma is a multiplayer, intuitive design tool used by professionals. Create graphics, presentations, prototypes, and more—all with real-time collaboration and feedback. Figma and FigJam live side by side so that students can turn their ideas into reality, faster.

Go from design to code with Dev Mode

Dev Mode is a workspace in Figma to bring designs to production, faster. Students can inspect designs and get the details needed to build them. Dev Mode is great for learning how design concepts map to code concepts.

Bring learning to life

Use industry-leading design tools to create a collaborative environment that helps students of all ages thrive in the classroom.

K-12 educators

Get students excited about learning by empowering them to imagine and design together—all in a fun, interactive space.

Learn more

Higher education faculty

Facilitate engaging group activities with flexible, easy-to-learn tools that will prepare students to thrive in the technology and design industry.

Learn more

Students

Collaborate in real time with classmates and learn valuable design skills with a tool you’ll actually use in a professional setting.

Learn more

New-school features for every grade level
FigJam
Level up lessons

Brainstorm group ideas with your class using sticky notes, stamps, images, videos, and more.

FigJam
Share with the class

Encourage a new way for students to collaborate in real time with audio chat, cursor chat, voting, and comments.

Figma
Make it real

Mock up website assets, build interactive prototypes to present ideas, and curate a portfolio of work.

Figma
Learn from the pros

Learn from other designers and download readymade templates, widgets, and more —all from Figma's Community.

Dev mode
Understand how to build designs

Navigate designs in Dev Mode to get important details like measurements, styles, component properties, and compare designs to see what’s changed.

Dev Mode
Start coding faster

Jumpstart production with CSS, iOS, or Android code snippets generated from your design. Or, use a plugins to customize code for whatever framework you’re learning.

Start using Figma with your class
1. Create an account

Use your student or teacher email address to sign up for Figma here.

2. Get verified

Once you’ve created your Figma account, verify that you are a student or educator by clicking here.

3. Set up your education team

Create, upgrade, or join an existing team to start collaborating and get access to all professional paid tools.

Bring Figma and FigJam to your entire school district

Figma and Google are teaming up to help students transform ideas into reality by bringing Figma to Google Workspace districts in the US, UK and Japan—for free.

Learn more
Education plan FAQ
Who qualifies for the Education plan?
Where can I learn about how to use Figma and FigJam? 
How much does Figma cost?
Who should I reach out to from Figma for help or questions?
Is Figma integrated with Google Workspace for Education?
Is Figma integrated with Microsoft Education?
Are there free Figma and FigJam templates? 
Is the app COPPA, FERPA, or GDPR compliant?
What student data does your app collect? How can school administrators access it?
Where is user data stored?
Who is user data or usage data shared with?
What are the required steps for data take-out?
Improve your Figma skills and connect with other educators and students
Sign up for a Figma workshop
Figma Socials
Product
Figma Design
Figma Make
Figma Weave
New
Dev Mode
Figma Motion
New
FigJam
Figma Slides
Figma Draw
Figma Sites
Beta
Figma Buzz
Beta
Design and explore
Build and ship products
AI workflows
Release notes
Downloads
Plans
Pricing
Enterprise
Organization
Professional
Use cases
UI design
UX design
Wireframing
Diagramming
Prototyping
Brainstorming
Presentation Maker
Online whiteboard
Agile
Strategic planning
Mind mapping
Resources
Blog
Best practices
Gradient Library
Gradient Generator
GIF maker
Color wheel
Colors
Color picker
Font Library
Templates
Developers
Integrations
Affiliate program
Resource library
Reports and insights
Support
Status
Legal and privacy
Modern slavery statement
Climate disclosure statement
Company
Events
Customers
Careers
Newsroom
Brand assets
English