Skip to content
Products
Toggle sub-navigation for Products
Customer stories
Toggle sub-navigation for Customer stories
Solutions
Toggle sub-navigation for Solutions
Resources
Toggle sub-navigation for Resources
Plans and pricing
Toggle sub-navigation for Plans and pricing
Contact Us 1-800-270-6977 Sign In  
Start for free
 
Buy now
   
Academic Programmes
Tableau for Students

Get started with Tableau to build data skills, advance your career, and connect with the community.

Get Tableau for Free
Begin your Tableau for Students journey

In the world of ever-changing AI and technology, we know learning a new tool can feel overwhelming. Follow this recommended guide to jumpstart your Tableau skill building and learn about the community.

1. Download Tableau for Free

Download your free software with Tableau Desktop: Public Edition.

2. Create your profile

Create your profile on Tableau Public and subscribe to Viz of the Day to get inspired with community-created visualisations.

3. Learn Tableau

Explore our library of training videos from beginner to advanced user, and check out our Youtube channel.

4. Get to know the DataFam

Learn in person or online, connect with industry leaders, and find inspiration and community in Tableau User Groups like Tableau Newbie, LGBTQ+ (Data Pride), Data + Diversity, and Data + Women.

5. Test your data skills

Ready to take your viz skills to the next level? Participate in our end of year student-only competition Iron Viz: Student Edition to win a free trip to Tableau Conference.

6. Guide other students

Ready to help support the next generation of data students? Applications for our Academic Ambassadors open during June and learn more about how to give back in Tableau Community.

Stay updated with Tableau for Students
Career building
Finding a community and career through data skills

Recognising the importance of data skills in today's job market, Bhumika Arora leveraged her Tableau for Students licence and became a Tableau Ambassador – a decision that helps her stand out to potential employers.

Read more
Community
Top 3 Winning Visualisations, Iron Viz: Student Edition 2024

Check out the winners and their visualisations from our recent Iron Viz: Student Edition competition using a movie data set from IMDB.

Check it out
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
I used to request for a licence, what is this Tableau Desktop Public Edition (TDPE)?

The Tableau for Students programme has shifted over to providing free software through Tableau Desktop Public Edition. While the products are similar in visualisation capabilities, the process to get a free licence is now much easier. Now, learners beyond the traditional classroom such as part-time learners and apprentices can access the software.

Simply click the “Get Tableau for Free” button at the top of the page to get started quickly.

Do I need to renew my licence?
Can I use my student licence as part of my internship or job?
My class has Tableau Cloud, can I publish my work on Tableau Cloud with Tableau Desktop Public Edition?
My question isn't on this list. Where can I get more answers?
Ready to learn in-demand data skills with Tableau?
Get Tableau for Free

Try for free

What is Tableau?
Agentic analytics
Build a Data Culture
Data analytics insights
Tableau Research
Contact us
The Tableau Community
Tableau Public
Tableau user groups
Community leaders
DataDev
Community projects
Tableau Neighbourhood
Academic programmes
Events
Partners
Find a partner
Become a partner
Support
Knowledge Base
Learning and certification
Tableau Help
All releases
English (UK) 
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Français (Canada)
Français (France)
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português
Svenska
ไทย
简体中文
繁體中文
Trust Blog Developer Contact us
Legal Terms Of Service Privacy Information Responsible Disclosure COOKIE PREFERENCES Your Privacy Choices
LinkedIn
 
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2026 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
Cookie Consent Manager
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information

We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement

Required Cookies
Always Active

Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.

Cookies Details
Functional Cookies
 Functional Cookies

Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.

Cookies Details
Advertising Cookies
 Advertising Cookies

Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.

Cookies Details
Cookie List

 
Consent Leg.Interest
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
Clear
 checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Save Settings
Accept All Cookies