Xem trang này trong ngôn ngữ ưa thích của bạn.
Chuyển sang Tiếng Việt
→
Product
Solutions
Resources
Developers
Enterprise
Pricing
Request a demo
Log in
Get Notion free
Search help center
Help Center
Get started
Workspace basics
Create & format pages
Build databases
Share & collaborate
Automation & connections
Work with Notion AI
Agents in Notion
Admin & security
Mail, Calendar & Apps
Get started on marketplace
Manage your plan
Fix a problem
Developer Platform
Get certified
Notion Academy
Support
Chat with us
Join our community
Find a consultant
Help Center
Plans & billing
Notion for education
IN THIS HELP DOC
Whether you’re a student or a teacher, Notion is here to help balance your many responsibilities with its all-in-one workspace.
Jump to FAQs

Having issues upgrading to the Plus Plan for education? Try the solutions in this article →

What's included in the Plus Plan for education

There are two types of free Plus Plans for education:

The Education Plus Plan for individual students and teachers is a free Plus Plan for a one-member workspace. It’s available for students or teachers signed in with their education institution's email per the WHED.

Our student org offer is a free Plus Plan for a workspace with unlimited members. It’s available for verified student orgs who have submitted an application here →

The Plus Plan may not be available for every workspace.

Check out more of the differences below:

Plus Plan for individual students and teachers

	

Plus Plan for student organizations




One member per workspace

	

Unlimited members per workspace




Up to 100 guests per workspace

	

Up to 100 guests per workspace




Unlimited uploads

	

Unlimited uploads




Edit history for any page going back 30 days

	

Edit history for any page going back 30 days

To see a complete list of features that are included in the Plus Plan or to learn about other plans offered by Notion, visit our pricing page →

Upgrade to the Plus Plan for education
Individual students and teachers

Individual students and teachers at accredited colleges and universities can upgrade to the Plus Plan for free at any time.

Before you upgrade, make sure of the following:

You’re signed in with your education institution email. If you’re using a personal email address with your Notion account, you can change it to your educational email address following the instructions here →

Your school is an accredited institution recognized by and listed in the World Higher Education Database here →

You’re on the Free Plan. If you’re currently paying for the Plus Plan, you can still take advantage of this offer. Downgrade to the Free Plan first by going to Settings in your sidebar → Billing → Change plan.

You only have one member in your account. The Plus Plan for individual students and educators can only contain one member. Remove any additional workspace owners and members before upgrading.

You're upgrading using Notion for desktop or Notion for web, not mobile.

Once you’ve met the above requirements, follow these steps in the desktop or web app to upgrade to the free Plus Plan:

Go to Settings in your sidebar.

Select Upgrade plan.

Select Get free education plan. If your school is recognized by our system, you’ll be upgraded automatically!

If you satisfy all requirements above for access to the plan but don't see Get free education plan, please write into team@makenotion.com to request your school domain get access. If your institution is recognized by and listed in the WHED, your domain will be allowlisted and receive access.

Note: Unfortunately, you must have a valid educational email address to upgrade to the Plus Plan. We don’t accept student IDs or other documentation to verify a student or educator status at this time. Thank you for your understanding!

Student organizations

Before you apply, make sure of the following:

You're a student representing a student organization at an accredited institution recognized by and listed in the World Higher Education Database here →

You're a member of the student organization's workspace.

All members in your student organization’s workspace have the same domain as your valid educational email address.

Your organization is recognized by your institution.

If you want to upgrade to the Plus Plan for your student organization’s workspace, you can find more information and apply here. Only one application per organization will be approved.

Once you’ve applied, our team will reach out as soon as we can to let you know if you’ve been approved.

Work with a group or team

As a reminder:

Individual students and teachers can upgrade to the Plus Plan for free, and can work with up to 100 guests in their workspace.

Approved student organizations can upgrade to the Plus Plan for free, and can invite guests and members to their workspace for free.

Learn more about working with others in your workspace

Add members, admins, guests & groups

Sharing & permissions

Set up your workspace

If you’re brand new to Notion, check out the articles here to learn the basics.

You can also use our templates to build a foundation for your education workspace! To find our templates for students and teachers:

Go to Marketplace in your sidebar.

In the dropdown, select School. You can also use the search bar to look for a more specific template.

Select a template to see what it looks like.

When you’re ready to use the template in your own workspace, select Get template.

Learn more about Notion for education

Setting up Notion for school

Get organized for a new semester with Notion

FAQs

Are there any discounts for students?

How do I sign up for the free Education plan?

What's Notion's student organization plan?

I’m a student who loves Notion. How can I get more involved?

CONTENTS
What's included in the Plus Plan for education
Upgrade to the Plus Plan for education
Individual students and teachers
Student organizations
Work with a group or team
Set up your workspace
GIVE FEEDBACK
Was this resource helpful?
👍👎
Up next
Notion for startups

Eligible startups can get 1-6 months free of Notion's Business Plan, including Notion AI. To qualify, you must be a new, non-paying Notion customer and meet our program requirements. Learn more below.

Read more
→

We shape our tools,
and thereafter our tools shape us.
Marshall McLuhan
Product
Features
What's New
Notion AI
Pricing
Request a demo
Download
Explore more→
Resources
Customer stories
Connections
Marketplace
Help Center
Academy
Community
Company
About us
Careers
Security
Status
Terms & privacy
Your privacy rights
Notion for
Enterprise
Small businesses
Startups
Developers
English (US)
Cookie settings

© 2026 Notion Labs, Inc.