Animation student? Explore mocap + previs workflows and iterate faster with Autodesk Flow Studio.

Learn more

Education

Autodesk Student and Educator Resources

From classroom to career, build future-ready Design and Make skills with professional-grade tools.

StudentsEducatorsIT Administrators
Free Autodesk education software for students​

Free renewable 1-year subscription offers students at qualified institutions access to the same design and make software professionals use in industry.

See all products
Start of 3-item list "Free Autodesk education software for students​". Skip to end?
Fusion
All-in-one cloud platform for product design, engineering, and manufacturing
SelectExplore
Revit
Plan, design, construct, and manage buildings with powerful tools for Building Information Modeling
SelectExplore
Flow Studio
AI-powered mocap, camera tracking, animation & compositing tools for stunning VFX. All users must be post-secondary students age 18 or older. Institutional participation is limited to post-secondary.
SelectExplore
Forma Site Design
AI-powered tool for fast, informed pre-design and analysis using real-world context
SelectExplore
Forma
Forma for Construction's unified solutions connect teams, workflows and data across every stage of construction.
SelectExplore
AutoCAD
2D and 3D CAD tools to design, annotate, and automate drafting tasks in a customized workspace
SelectExplore
End of 3-item list "Free Autodesk education software for students​". Skip to start?
How to sign up and download products

Sign up for Autodesk by selecting your product and plan.

Sign up using your school email.

Confirm eligibility and provide any required documents.

Check your email for status updates.

Complete your Autodesk Account setup via email.

Once verified, you can access your downloads.

View student’s guide
Learning resources and tutorials
Explore Autodesk learning
Start of 4-item list "Learning resources and tutorials". Skip to end?
Introduction to engineering
Students and educators can find essential resources for introduction to engineering classes.
View collection
Architectural design for education
Students and educators can find essential resources for architectural design using Revit, Forma, AutoCAD, and 3ds Max.
View collection
Construction management for education
Students and educators can find essential resources for Autodesk Construction Cloud.
View collection
CAD, CAM, and CNC for 2.5 axis milling
Teach end-to-end-machining workflows with curriculum developed by Haas and Autodesk.
View collection
End of 4-item list "Learning resources and tutorials". Skip to start?
Showcase your skills with certifications
Start of 4-item list "Showcase your skills with certifications". Skip to end?
Autodesk Tinkercad 3D Design
For students and educators, this foundational certification is focused on 3D design basics. This is the perfect entry-point into Autodesk certifications.
Get certified
Autodesk Certified User (ACU)
For secondary students and non-English speakers in all industries, this certification validates foundational Autodesk software skills.
Get certified
Design and manufacturing
Prove your skills in CAD, CAM, design-to-manufacture workflows, and generative design with these Associate, Professional, and Expert certifications.
Get certified
Architecture, engineering, and construction
Advance your career in architecture, engineering, and construction by highlighting your knowledge of CAD and BIM tools.
Get certified
End of 4-item list "Showcase your skills with certifications". Skip to start?
Join the Autodesk Student Ambassador Program
As an ambassador you will be participating in professional development, attending events, and engaging with your community in person and virtually. We understand your time is everything and have designed the program to ensure flexibility, even for the busiest of students.
Learn more

Have more questions about Autodesk student access?

Can you get Autodesk for free as a student?

The education plan gives eligible students and educators free, one-year, single-user access to Autodesk software for educational purposes. You can access all software available through the Education Community, and access is renewable annually as long as you’re eligible.

How to get student access in Autodesk?

If you're eligible, you can select a product on the Get Products page to start the education verification process. Autodesk does verify student and faculty status for Autodesk educational access. Once you’re successfully verified, you can access all software available through the Education Community, and access is renewable annually as long as you're eligible.

Do university students get AutoCAD for free?

Yes, Autodesk offers eligible university students one-year free access to Autodesk software and services.

What are the restrictions for Autodesk student license?

Software and services accessed through the Education plan may be used only for purposes directly related to learning, training, and research. They may not be used for commercial, professional, or any other for-profit purposes.

How many years is AutoCAD free for students?

The Autodesk Education plan offers one-year free* access to Autodesk software and services for qualifying students and educators. Educational access is renewable annually as long as you are eligible.

How do I activate Autodesk student software for free?

You should have received an email from Autodesk telling you which products your teacher has assigned and where you can download them. The steps to access software are different depending upon whether you have an Autodesk account. If you have an account, see these instructions If you don’t have an account, see these instructions.

See more FAQ

Legal terms and conditions

Free Autodesk software and/or cloud-based services are subject to acceptance of and compliance with the terms and conditions of the terms of use and/or other terms that accompany such software or cloud-based services. Software and cloud-based services subject to an Educational license or subscription may be used by eligible users solely for Educational Purposes and shall not be used for commercial, professional or any other for-profit purposes.

Autodesk

Company overviewCareers

Investor relations

Autodesk Trust Center

Newsroom

Global Belonging at AutodeskLA28 Games

 

Autodesk Foundation

SustainabilityContact UsStudents and educatorsAffiliate program

Autodesk Research

Design & Make with Autodesk

How to buy

View all productsBuying with AutodeskRenewal optionsFind a partnerSales and refundsChoose your subscription planPrepay pricing for occasional use

Support

Manage your accountDownload and install software

Autodesk Product Status

Autodesk CommunityEducation supportContact support
Privacy|Do not sell or share my personal information|Cookie preferences|Report noncompliance|Terms of use|Legal|© 2026 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved

Autodesk

Company overview
Careers
Investor relations
Autodesk Trust Center
Newsroom
Global Belonging at Autodesk
LA28 Games
Autodesk Foundation
Sustainability
Contact Us
Students and educators
Affiliate program
Autodesk Research
Design & Make with Autodesk

How to buy

View all products
Buying with Autodesk
Renewal options
Find a partner
Sales and refunds
Choose your subscription plan
Prepay pricing for occasional use

Support

Manage your account
Download and install software
Autodesk Product Status
Autodesk Community
Education support
Contact support
PrivacyDo not sell or share my personal informationCookie preferencesReport noncomplianceTerms of useLegal© 2026 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved

We use cookies to enhance your experience and personalise content. See our cookie statement for details.

Manage your cookie preferences.
DeclineAccept