Cookie Settings

Our website uses some cookies and records your IP address for the purposes of accessibility, security, and managing your access to the telecommunication network. You can disable data collection and cookies by changing your browser settings, but it may affect how this website functions. Learn more

With your consent, JetBrains may also use cookies and your IP address to collect individual statistics and provide you with personalized offers and ads subject to the Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use. JetBrains may use third-party services for this purpose. You can adjust or withdraw your consent at any time by visiting the Opt-Out.

Accept All
Manage Settings
Products
For Business
Education
Solutions
Support
Pricing
IntelliJ IDEA
JetBrains IDEs
What's New
Features
Resources
Pricing
Download
IntelliJ IDEA Conf 2026 | September 8 09:00 UTC – September 9 15:00 UTC | Register ->
IntelliJ IDEA
The Leading IDE for Professional Development

in Java and Kotlin

Download

Natively integrated AI

Latest AI models

Claude
GPT
Gemini
Grok
or a local model of your choice.

Multi-agent experience

Junie
Claude Agent
Codex
and more, including GitHub Copilot and Cursor via ACP.

Next edit suggestions and unlimited code completion

Fast, accurate code suggestions as you type, powered by deep IDE intelligence.

Transparent AI costs without vendor lock-in

Use JetBrains AI credits or bring your own AI subscriptions and API keys.
Why IntelliJ IDEA
Productive development

IntelliJ IDEA helps you write code faster with tools that eliminate tedious tasks and let you focus on what matters – building great software.

Code quality

Get everything you need to write quality code, minimize bugs, and reduce technical debt so you can spend more time on innovation instead of troubleshooting.

Ready for all your dev tasks

Supporting you at every stage from design and development to testing and deployment, it provides everything you need to get the job done efficiently.

Cutting-edge technology support

With cutting-edge technology support from the start, IntelliJ IDEA keeps you ahead of the curve in a rapidly evolving tech landscape.

Ultimate comfort

Designed for ultimate comfort, it offers a smooth, enjoyable workflow that helps you stay in the flow.

Privacy and security

IntelliJ IDEA offers clear consent options for data collection, storage, and sharing, ensuring your information is used only for agreed-upon purposes.

The Ultimate Experience
Smart editor
Run and debug
ULTIMATE
Web development
ULTIMATE
Profiler
ULTIMATE
Spring / Jakarta EE
ULTIMATE
Database Tools
ULTIMATE
Cloud and deployment
ULTIMATE
Remote development
Download

78%

of Java developers choose IntelliJ IDEA

Our customers say
More testimonials
Mary Grygleski

Senior Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

IntelliJ IDEA is undoubtedly the top-choice IDE for software developers.

Mohamed Taman

Owner/CEO,
Java Champion

I always feel happy and at home when working on my projects using IntelliJ IDEA.

Josh Long

Spring Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

I use IntelliJ IDEA and haven't looked back.

Angie Jones

Global Vice President of Developer Relations,
Java Champion

I've been using it extensively and love how efficient it makes me as a developer.

Dr Heinz Kabutz

Publisher of The Java Specialists' Newsletter,
Java Champion

It's so much more pleasant to work with IntelliJ IDEA than anything else I've tried.

Daniel Terhorst-North

Founder, Dan North & Associates Limited,
IT Consultant

There's practically no other software I use that feels as natural.

Hemant Gaur

Software Engineer,
Technical Architect and Founder at APPBUDDY TECHNOLOGIES

It makes life easier by providing the right tool for developers and removing many developer pain points while coding.

Neha Sardana

Software Developer,
JUG leader

I regret that I haven't used it before. The things that I've learned so far have made me a more productive developer both at work and in my personal projects.

Nikhil Nanivadekar

Project lead Eclipse Collections,
Java Champion

It took about two or three days to get familiar with IntelliJ IDEA, and then I was absolutely blown away by the productivity that I was gaining.

Nicolai Parlog

Java Enthusiast

It's a tool I use every day, and I enjoy using it.

Brian Vermeer

Staff Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

It simply works.

1 / 4
Companies worldwide trust IntelliJ IDEA

Proven compliance and security

JetBrains tools adhere to industry-leading security standards, including SOC 2 certification, ensuring your organization’s data is protected and our products are compliant with global regulations.

What's new
Agent skills

Skills give your agents reusable domain knowledge and instructions, making them more accurate and efficient when working with a given tech stack or topic. To help you get started quickly, IntelliJ IDEA now allows you to discover, install, and manage custom agent skills directly in the IDE.

Some of the most useful skills are already bundled in the IDE and marked accordingly in the skills manager.

Java 27

IntelliJ IDEA continues to provide support for the latest Java releases from day one, as well as early support for upcoming Java releases, for example, by allowing you to install early access builds directly from the IDE.

Logpoints and extended debugging experience

Every developer has used println for debugging at least once. But sometimes it is not the best approach. It can pollute the code, fail to get enough context from the print, and make identifying where it came from difficult. On top of all that, it doesn’t work inside libraries.

Logpoints offer a clean alternative and deliver dramatic UX and performance improvements. Built on top of non-suspending breakpoints, logpoints allow you to inspect internal application states and execution context, as well as send custom messages at runtime without modifying the source code. This approach also makes it possible to diagnose code behavior inside compiled third-party libraries.

Spring Security insights

With the Spring Debugger plugin in IntelliJ IDEA, it is now easier to verify endpoint behavior without changing your Spring Security configuration or restarting the application.

You can see Spring Security inlays near Spring MVC endpoints. They show how a route is protected, allow you to inspect where the effective rule comes from, and let you navigate to the corresponding security configuration. During a debug session, you can also test an endpoint with custom user details and roles or temporarily unlock it in the running debug context.

All new features
Product news
All product news
Tell me about new product features as they come out
I agree that my personal data will be processed for this purpose.
Submit
Follow us
Community forum
@IntelliJIDEA on X
Bug and issue tracker
Facebook
IntelliJ IDEA blog
YouTube
Plugin Marketplace
LinkedIn
Bluesky
AI
JetBrains AI
AI Assistant
Junie
AI in IDEs
AI Enterprise
AI News
Developer Tools
All Products
IDEs
.NET and Visual Studio
Team Tools
Plugin Marketplace
Toolbox App
Solutions
Business
Data
IDE Services
Remote Development
Game Development
DevOps
Initiatives
Kotlin
Open Source
JetBrains Research
JetBrains Mono
MPS
Education
Students
Teachers
Bootcamps
Teams
Course Catalog
University Programs
Store
Plans and Pricing
All Products Pack
dotUltimate
Partners and Resellers
Customers and Awards
Support
Technical Support
Contact Sales
Documentation
JetBrains Account
Resources
Blog
Early Access
Events and Livestreams
Newsletters
Industry Reports
Inspectopedia
Desktop Art
AI Agents Hub
Community
User Groups
Open-Source Partnerships
Developer Recognition
Content Creators
Course Creators
Company
About
Contacts
Careers
Brand Assets
Merchandise
Trust Center
Vietnam
English
Privacy and Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Attributions
Legal
Genuine Tools
Opt-Out
Copyright © 2000-2026 JetBrains s.r.o.
Developed with drive and IntelliJ IDEA