Skip to main content

We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies

AcceptRejectManage cookies
Azure
Explore
Products
Solutions
More
Learn
Support
Contact Sales
Get started with Azure
Sign in
Build in the cloud with Azure for Students for free
Use your school email to sign up and renew yearly while you’re a student.
Start free
Not a student? Get started with Azure
Overview
Compare accounts
Free services
AI products
Resources
FAQ
Other account types
OVERVIEW
Discover what you can create with Azure
Accelerate learning with Azure tools
Gain access to industry-leading technology like Azure OpenAI along with extensive resources curated for student developers to accelerate your learning.
Apply AI and cloud skills in real-world projects
Engage in interactive exploration and immediate, real-world application development, data science, and cloud computing—at any level.
No credit card required
Renew your subscription annually and continue to get free access to Azure as long as you're a student.
ACCOUNT TYPES
Choose the Azure account that’s right for you
Try Azure for Students or Azure for Students Starter—no credit card required.
Azure for Students
Available only to full-time university students*
No credit card required
Free monthly amounts of 20+ popular services for 12 months (new Azure customers only)
Free monthly amounts of 65+ always-free services 
Access to full catalog of services up to free amounts and $100 credit
Gain access to industry-leading technology like Azure OpenAI along with extensive resources curated for student developers to accelerate your learning
Engage in interactive exploration and immediate real-world application in development, data science, and cloud computing – at any level
Renew your subscription annually and continue to get free access to Azure as long as you're a student
$ 100 credit
to use on Azure services within 12 months
Sign up
Azure for Startups
Available only to new Azure customers
$1,000 in Azure credits instantly—no application required
Unlock up to $5,000 in total credits with business verification
Credits valid for 90 days (initial) and 180 days (post-verification)
Access to full Azure catalog up to credit limits
Spending protection—credit card required only for identity verification and services beyond credit*
No upfront commitment—cancel anytime. Move to pay-as-you-go pricing after credits expire or are fully used
Up to $5,000 in Azure credits
$1,000 available immediately, plus up to $4,000 more after verification
Get started
FREE SERVICES
Create more with access to free products
Build and create with a host of free products, up to the specified monthly amounts. Some are always free to all Azure customers, and some are free for 12 months to new customers only.
Popular services
AI and machine learning
Hybrid and multicloud
Compute
Containers
Databases
IoT
Management and governance
Always 
Azure DevOps
5 users with unlimited private Git repos
Learn more
Always
Azure Speech in Foundry Tools
0.5 million neural characters per month
Learn more
12 months
Azure Container Registry
1 Standard tier registry with 100 GB storage and 10 webhooks
Learn more
12 months
Azure Virtual Machines for Linux or Windows
750 hours each of B1s, B2pts v2 (Arm-based), and B2ats v2 (AMD-based) burstable VMs
Learn more
Always
Azure Data Catalog
Unlimited users
Learn more
Always
Azure Data Factory
5 low-frequency activities
Learn more
Always
Azure SQL Database
100,000 vCore seconds of SQL database serverless usage per month with 32 GB of storage
Learn more
Always
Azure Document Intelligence in Foundry Tools
500 pages S0 tier
Learn more
Back to tabs
See all free services
AI PRODUCTS
Everything you need to build high-quality generative AI at scale
Use your Azure student account to access powerful AI tools for free and start building today.
Showing 1-3 of 6 slides
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Azure OpenAI
Bring reasoning and multimodal versatility to your generative AI experiences with secure, scalable access to the latest OpenAI models, including the o1 and GPT-4 series.
Learn more
Microsoft Foundry
Develop and deploy generative AI apps and APIs responsibly with a comprehensive platform.
Learn more
Azure AI Search
Easily find the information you need when you need it with a state-of-the art retrieval system that uncovers hidden patterns with unparalleled precision.
Learn more
Content Safety in Foundry Control Plane
Maintain a more secure digital presence with safeguards that automatically help mitigate harmful content, protect users, and enhance trust.
Learn more
Phi open models
Get powerful small language models (SLMs) with groundbreaking performance at low cost and low latency.
Learn more
Foundry models 
Experiment with and deploy more than 1,700 foundation models from creators such as Microsoft, OpenAI, Hugging Face, Meta, and Cohere.
Learn more
Back to carousel navigation controls
RESOURCES
Build your skills for free before you build in Azure
Showing 1-2 of 6 slides
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Fundamental AI Concepts
Understand what all the artificial intelligence buzz is about with a module that introduces you to the world of AI.
Start learning
Get started with Foundry Tools
Learn how to provision, secure, monitor, and deploy Foundry Tools resources and use them to build intelligent solutions.
Start learning
Develop generative AI apps in Microsoft Foundry
Understand how to select, deploy, and test various language models, and to improve performance.
Start learning
Host a web app with Azure App Service
Learn how to build and host a web app. Use the programming language of your choice with no need to manage infrastructure.
Start learning
Azure Data Fundamentals: Explore relational data
Learn how to manage relational databases, enabling you to build new applications or migrate existing ones to the cloud.
Start learning
Deploy cloud-native apps using Azure Container Apps
Develop the skills necessary to configure a secure deployment solution for cloud-native apps. Learn how to build, deploy, scale, and manage containerized cloud-native apps.
See module
Back to carousel navigation controls
FAQ
Frequently asked questions
Expand all
Collapse all
01/
What happens once I use my $100 free credit?
02/
Can I apply my $100 credit toward Azure Marketplace offers?
03/
How many Azure for Students accounts am I allowed to sign up for?
04/
How do I get my free developer tools?
05/
How do I activate and use my Azure student account?
06/
What does Azure for Students include?
07/
How much is Azure for Students?
08/
Can I learn Azure on my own?
Other account options
Not a student? Choose the Azure account that’s right for you
Pay as you go or try Azure free for up to 30 days.
Get started with Azure
Explore Azure Portal
   
Explore Azure
What is Azure?
Get started with Azure
Global infrastructure
Datacenter regions
Trust your cloud
Azure Essentials
Customer stories
Products and pricing
Products
Azure pricing
Free Azure services
Flexible purchase options
FinOps on Azure
Maximize ROI from AI
Solutions and support
Solutions
Resources for accelerating growth
Solution architectures
Support
Azure demo and live Q&A
Partners
Software Development Companies
Microsoft Marketplace
Find a partner
Resources
Documentation
Blog
Developer resources
Students
Events and Webinars
Analyst reports, white papers, and e-books
Videos
Cloud computing
What is cloud computing?
What is multicloud?
What is machine learning?
What is deep learning?
What is AIaaS?
What are LLMs?
What is a container?
What is RAG?
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap
Contact Microsoft
Privacy
Manage cookies
Terms of use
Trademarks
Safety & eco
Recycling
About our ads
© Microsoft 2026