Students & Teachers
Overview
Express
Features
Compare Plans
Buy now
Home
/
Education
/
Adobe Express For Students
Adobe Express
Ready. Set. Amaze.

Make amazing work that stands out with generative AI features powered by Adobe Firefly. It's now easier to create with thousands of high-quality templates for flyers, TikToks, resumes, and Reels.

Students save 76% on the Creative Cloud Pro plan, which includes Adobe Express Premium. First year only.

Regularly at
US$33.99/mo 
Alternatively at
US$7.99/moincl. VAT for the annual billed monthly plan for the first year. See terms.

Start free trial

Design with Generative AI.

Your imagination is your only limitation with generative AI tools like Insert and Remove Objects with Generative Fill, Generate Image, and Generate Text Effect, powered by Adobe Firefly.* With Generative Fill, you can insert, remove, or replace any part of your image with just a description.

*Use Adobe Firefly generative AI tools in Adobe Express with included generative credits.

Social posts that pop.

Take your posts beyond basic and get more engagement on everything from Instagram to TikTok. Express yourself with premium templates and content, like fonts and Adobe Stock photos, included with an Adobe Creative Cloud membership.

Resumes that shine.

Make resumes that give you polished vibes in a snap — with just a few taps. Jump-start your job search with tons of premium timesaving templates that show off who you are and where you’re going.

Linked Up. Synced up.

All your creations in one place - it’s easy to import assets from Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator into your Adobe Express designs. With linked assets, you can keep your designs up to date anywhere and everywhere.

Bye-bye backgrounds.

It’s easy to make anything you need in an instant. Check out Quick Actions that let you remove backgrounds, animate images, and resize content in a few taps. Plus, make more precise edits with premium features that add more control.

See what you can do with Creative Cloud.
Most Popular
Photo
Video
Social Media
Illustration
3D & AR

Photoshop

Edit and combine images for posters, flyers, social collages, and websites.

Acrobat Pro

Create, comment, highlight, share and do more with your PDFs.

Illustrator

Create graphics and illustrations like logos, infographics, and t-shirt designs.

Premiere

Create pro-quality videos like documentaries, short films, and more.

InDesign

Design page layouts for print and digital campus flyers, magazines, and eBooks.

Adobe Express

Easily make standout graphics, photos and more in no time.

See all Creative Cloud desktop and mobile apps

Connected creative apps for social clicks and the classroom.

Save 76% with student pricing on the Creative Cloud Pro and get 20+ apps like Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, illustrator, and Premiere, plus free resources and creative support. Creative Cloud apps are built to work together so all you need is at your fingertips.

Buy now
Free trial