Xem trang này trong ngôn ngữ ưa thích của bạn.
Chuyển sang Tiếng Việt
→
Product
AI
Solutions
Resources
Developers
Enterprise
Pricing
Request a demo
Log in
Get Notion free

Notion for Education

Your space to do it all. Your way.

One place to manage all your schoolwork, clubs, and side projects. In the classroom and beyond.

Get Notion free

Student planner

Stay organized with a home base for your to-dos and activities.

Get template
→
Get template
→

Club home

Centralize your club’s resources, projects, and events.

Get template
→
Get template
→

Habit tracker

Track and monitor your goals and habits to stay motivated.

Get template
→
Get template
→

Website

Publish anything in just a few clicks.

Get template
→
Get template
→

Job applications

Prepare and keep track of your job application process.

Get template
→
Get template
→
Chill lofi study beats accompany this study planner
Club homepage
screenshot-personal-site.png
screenshot-personal-site.png
screenshot-app-tracker.png
Built for full days. And big plans.
Notion

Your planner, notes, and projects. Designed by you.

Notion Calendar

Schedule and keep track of your deadlines and activities with ease.

Learn more
→
Run your student org, for free

Got a club? Keep everyone in sync and collaborating in one place, with your club's home page, meeting notes, onboarding docs, event calendar, and more.

Apply now→

Notion became our one-stop shop for all of our organization's information – from our policies, to our resource docs, to our databases.

Alpha Theta Delta

Member, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor

Bringing our org onto Notion unlocked major growth for us… Now we all rely on Notion as our internal source-of-truth.

Cyclone RoboSub

Member, UC Santa Cruz

If we're going to use any site builder, Notion Sites CLEARS – it's already the home to tons of our internal leadership docs.

App Development Club

Member, Oregon State University

Infinite ways to play
Create anything

Build what you want: your study planner or even your fitness tracker. And personalize it with charts, tables, custom calendars, and even gallery views.

Share your work with the world

Publish a website in one-click. Create your portfolio, launch your club’s website, or share your favorite spots on campus.

Stay on top of it all

Keep all of your to-do's, tasks, notes, meetings, events, and more — all in one place.

Two's a party

Invite friends to collaborate on anything — from your group projects to organizing your student org’s events.

Have fun with it

Personalize your workspace and docs with embedded images, videos, and even your Spotify playlist.

Loved by students globally

I first used Notion three years ago. Now I use it daily to keep track of my to-dos, track my workouts and take notes during class. I've fallen completely in love.

Andrew

Member, University of Waterloo

I use Notion as a digital workspace that seamlessly integrates into my daily routine. It’s an indispensable tool for orchestrating my academic and organizational activities.

Andy

Member, UC Berkeley

I love Notion. It has kept me organized and increased my productivity in college. I can't imagine not having it.

Nina Brenes

Template creator, UC Davis

Notion is the one reason I'm able to stay organized across all my responsibilities and planning through my first year in university. And many of my friends who used my assignments/to-do templates were shocked at how easy it is to use.

João Freitas

Template creator, University of Notre Dame

I was convinced that organization ‘isn’t my thing.’ Notion changed my perspective on that. Being organized is about following a system that helps you grow in the ways that you want. Notion’s flexibility makes it the perfect place to develop this system.

Samriddhi

Member, UC Davis

My Notion evolved from a notes hub and into a hub for side projects; the sharing feature allowed me to collaborate with friends easily. Notion effectively became my second brain, a personal library I constantly reference. I'm head-over-heels in love.

Payton Rogers

Template creator, University of Michigan

Join the fun on campus

Get in on our global community of Campus Leaders’ events on campus – including template build-a-thon, student org workshops, Notion tutorials, and more.

Find our campus events here →
FAQs

Are there any discounts for students?

How do I sign up for the free Education plan?

What's Notion's student organization plan?

I’m a student who loves Notion. How can I get more involved?

We shape our tools,
and thereafter our tools shape us.
Marshall McLuhan
Product
Features
What's New
Notion AI
Pricing
Request a demo
Download
Explore more→
Resources
Customer stories
Connections
Marketplace
Help Center
Academy
Community
Company
About us
Careers
Security
Status
Terms & privacy
Your privacy rights
Notion for
Enterprise
Small businesses
Startups
Developers
English (US)
Cookie settings

© 2026 Notion Labs, Inc.