Product
Work
Education
Pricing
Resources
Request a demo
Log in
Contact Education Sales
Grammarly unveils a bigger vision for AI in education
Learn more
AI that supports educational excellence


Shape the future of AI-assisted education with a trusted partner that supports better writing and learning campus-wide.


Contact Education Sales
Explore resources

By signing up, you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
California residents, see our CA Notice at Collection.


Trusted by over 3,000 institutions

Responsible AI built for learning

Embrace innovation with transparent AI writing assistance that amplifies students’ creativity  and critical thinking.

Help students tackle the blank page

Optional generative AI for brainstorming and outlining helps students get started, expand their thinking, and consider new perspectives.

Strengthen writing skills with strategic revisions

Writing suggestions come with explanations so students can strengthen their skills while revising their work, allowing instructors to focus their feedback on the students’ ideas.

See students’ writing process

Grammarly Authorship gives instructors a clear view of all sources of text in a student’s document, including a full replay of where sources were pulled in and when students got stuck.

A user clicks on a button to see the Grammarly Authorship report, they see a writing activity report that shows sections that are typed by a human or generated via AI
Support every writer, across languages

Institutions serve a global population, and your AI writing support should, too. Grammarly delivers high-quality, real-time writing assistance in English, Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, and Italian, plus instant in-line translation in 19 languages.

Education leaders trust Grammarly for real results

Learn how Grammarly prepares students for an AI-enabled future.

Higher education leaders from across the country share how Grammarly for Education is helping them tackle longstanding challenges — from reaching every student to freeing up faculty to focus on mentorship and meaningful guidance. With Grammarly, institutions like ASU, Texas A&M, and Indian River State College are creating more personalized, high-quality learning experiences for students at every level with AI– while empowering faculty to direct more of their energy to what really matters.
96%
reduction in academic integrity violations

Community College

Learn more

146K
hours saved in evaluation time

Online University

Learn more

90%
of students say Authorship data was easy to understand.

R1 University

Learn more

13%
Higher year-over-year retention for Grammarly users

Community College

Learn more

0.4 GPA
Higher averages for those using Grammarly 5+ days/week

R1 Univeristy

Learn more

Meet Superhuman Go, the assistant for education

Grammarly already helps more than 40 million people write. Now Go can help them learn—and help educators teach. Students can use Go to help them create study guides and research. Educators can use it to help improve campus communications and brainstorm syllabi and lesson plans.  And everyone can use it to reclaim focus and time.

Learn more

Grammarly and Go work where teaching and learning happen

Grammarly and Superhuman Go integrate across more than 1 million apps and websites, including popular learning management systems, so students and faculty get consistent support in the tools they already use.

Apple
Windows
Google Docs
Gmail
Microsoft Word
Zoom
Canvas
Microsoft Outlook
Blackboard
Moodle
Enterprise security designed for education

Grammarly, now part of Superhuman, provides enterprise-grade security and AI built with education’s specific needs in mind. Customer data and text are never sold or used to train models. Account admins can control whether or not to turn on certain AI features and who within the institution should have access.

Learn more

“We are proud to take the leadership role with partners like Grammarly to ensure that AI improves and expands the success of our students and enriches the teaching experience for our faculty.”  

Nancy Gonzales 
ASU Executive Vice President 
and University Provost

"I don't want language to inhibit students from being able to share an idea. Grammarly does that very well. That idea has legs, has a life. It encourages you to have the next idea and keep growing."  

Doug Specht 
Head of School 
University of Westminster

"As Grammarly expands its offering and empowers more types of function... it's really just positioned to open up that world of opportunity to our faculty and students as they think about the learning process."

Dan Alig 
Chief Information Officer 
Harvard Westlake School

Education resources

Powering Personal Progress Through Writing: Higher Ed’s Journey into an AI-Enabled Future

Get the Report →

The Next Evolution of Grammarly and a Bigger Vision for AI in Education
Campus-wide writing support strengthens student success at Phoenix College
Case Study
Scaling stigma-free writing support at Florida Atlantic University
Case Study
Join 3,000 institutions that trust Grammarly

Support students with the AI writing partner that helps them achieve better results, boost confidence, and prepare for career success.

Contact Education Sales

By signing up, you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
California residents, see our CA Notice at Collection.


Get Grammarly
Docs
Grammarly for your desktop
Grammarly for Windows
Grammarly for Mac
Grammarly browser extension
Grammarly for Chrome
Grammarly for Safari
Grammarly for Firefox
Grammarly for Edge
Grammarly for MS Office
Grammarly for Google Docs
Grammarly for mobile
Grammarly for iPhone
Grammarly for iPad
Grammarly for Android
Learn more
Plans
Grammarly Pro
Grammarly for Teams & Businesses
Grammarly Enterprise
Grammarly for Education
AI assistant
AI at Grammarly
Generative AI
AI writing assistant
Writing Process
Blog
Tech blog
Education blog
Business blog
Commonly confused words
Features
Grammar Checker
Plagiarism Checker
AI agents
AI Detector
AI Humanizer
Citation Generator
Essay Checker
Paraphrasing Tool
Translator
AI Chat
AI Writing Tools
Tone Detector
Word Counter
Character Counter
Paragraph Counter
Sentence Counter
Style Guide
Snippets
Analytics
Brand Tones
Authorship
Citation Finder
AI Grader
Reader Reactions
Resume Builder
Spell Checker
Sentence Checker
Punctuation Checker
Passive Voice Checker
Proofreader
Company
Superhuman
About
We stand with Ukraine
Responsible AI
Careers & culture
Press
Affiliates
Partners
Trust Center
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Customer business agreement
CA notice at collection
Security
Accessibility
Legal notices
Connect
Help center
Contact us
 Facebook
 Instagram
 X
 LinkedIn

2026 © Superhuman Platform