Xem trang này bằng Tiếng Việt.
Tiếp tục
Students & Teachers
Overview
Premiere
Features
Compare Plans
Buy now
Sign in
Home
/
Education
/
Premiere For Students
Premiere
Video editing that's always a cut above.

Craft compelling videos and master skills pros rely on every day. Students save 76% and 20+ apps with the Adobe Creative Cloud Pro plan. Now also available on iPhone.

Regularly at
US$33.99/mo 
Alternatively at
US$7.99/moincl. VAT for the annual billed monthly plan for the first year. See terms.

Buy now
Free trial

Epic edits, on your iPhone.

With the free Premiere on iPhone app, you can quickly turn any idea into attention-grabbing content. Plus you’ll get unmatched speed on a precise, multi-track timeline, studio-quality audio, and generative AI tools.

Tell the perfect story.

Bring your school projects to life with video. Use professional-quality tools to create cinematic videos, master foundational editing techniques, and develop your visual storytelling skills.

Get all the audiovisual tools you need.

Experiment with color, audio, effects, and titles to shape your video. Balance color with ease. Mix audio in a few clicks. And quickly create eye-catching titles, graphics, and transitions.

Grab attention and gain followers.

Use ready-made templates for posting on major social media platforms, automatically add or translate captions, and use AI to reframe for vertical formats. You can upload your videos straight to TikTok, YouTube, and more.

Say goodbye to annoying edits.

Edit faster and open exciting new creative possibilities with AI. Spend less time on tedious tasks like searching footage, creating transcripts, or adjusting audio. Add a few more frames to any clip with Generative Extend.

What students are saying.
Liam Stone - Visual Communication Design major, University of Washington
“Leaning on the Adobe tutorials and learning materials made it really easy to get a hang of things quickly.”
See student work

Connected creative apps for social clicks and the classroom.

Save 76% with student pricing on the Creative Cloud Pro and get 20+ apps like Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, illustrator, and Premiere, plus free resources and creative support. Creative Cloud apps are built to work together so all you need is at your fingertips.

Buy now
Free trial

Frequently asked questions.
Is Premiere free for students?
How much is Premiere for students?
Are the AI features in Premiere free to use?
What’s the difference between Premiere and Adobe After Effects?
Which Adobe apps are eligible for student pricing?
Do students get a discount on Premiere?
How do I get started with Premiere?
How much is Adobe Creative Cloud for students?
How do I get the Adobe Creative Cloud student discount?
Besides Premiere, what other apps are included in the Creative Cloud Pro plan?
How do I get started with Creative Cloud?
What templates and stock are free with Creative Cloud?