Free online Forma for Construction course for educators in the U.S. and Canada.

Sign up
Education
Products

Forma

Forma

Forma for Construction: free software for students and educators

Take them from classroom to career with Forma for Construction. Bring real-world construction workflows to your students. Access Forma for Construction. Free for education.

Explore Forma

Forma

Request free accessAccess existing account

Key benefits

Features

Success stories

Training for educators

Learning resources

Education plans

FAQs

System requirements

Overview
What is Forma for Construction?

Forma for Construction (formerly Autodesk Construction Cloud) provides construction education tools to understand how teams, data, and workflows connect throughout every phase of a building project's lifecycle - from initial design and planning through construction and operations - all with an intuitive, user-friendly interface.

Education benefits
Single source of truth

Teaching and learning are made easy. Ensure plans and workflows are accurate and accessible in a common data environment.

Forma for Construction education software
Build

Comprehensive construction management software solution that integrates into courses focusing on scheduling, project management, and field tracking tools to improve student collaboration.

Takeoff

Empowers students to easily generate automated 2D and 3D estimating quantification from a single comprehensive platform, improving collaboration and transparency.

Design Collaboration

Connects educators and student teams by managing the complete design collaboration and coordination workflow, design reviews, automating model coordination, and improving design quality and constructability.

Data management

Centralized document management solution that acts as a single source of truth connecting educators and students across the project lifecycle.

Cloud Worksharing

Learn new design methods that enrich collaborative work by co-authoring cloud hosted project models simultaneously in Revit or Civil 3D. 

AutoSpecs

Enable students and educators to quickly create detailed and accurate draft submittal logs to easily publish to both Build and Docs.

Build

Comprehensive construction management software solution that integrates into courses focusing on scheduling, project management, and field tracking tools to improve student collaboration.

Takeoff

Empowers students to easily generate automated 2D and 3D estimating quantification from a single comprehensive platform, improving collaboration and transparency.

Design Collaboration

Connects educators and student teams by managing the complete design collaboration and coordination workflow, design reviews, automating model coordination, and improving design quality and constructability.

Data management

Centralized document management solution that acts as a single source of truth connecting educators and students across the project lifecycle.

Cloud Worksharing

Learn new design methods that enrich collaborative work by co-authoring cloud hosted project models simultaneously in Revit or Civil 3D. 

AutoSpecs

Enable students and educators to quickly create detailed and accurate draft submittal logs to easily publish to both Build and Docs.

California Polytechnic State UniversityUniversity of FloridaKimley-Horn

"With Forma for Construction we're able to not only replicate the job site in the classroom, but really bring the job site into the classroom."

— Andrew Kline, Assistant Professor, Construction Management

Read story

"The purpose of the Industrialized Construction Engineering program is to produce graduates with a new set of skills that will enable them to make a difference in the construction industry."

— Dr. Chimay Anumba, Dean, College of Design, Construction, and Planning

Read story

"Kimley-Horn brings a client delivery perspective, Autodesk brings product and industry insight, and community colleges see workforce demand. Together, these views help us understand where the industry is heading."

— Nick Otto, Chief Technology Officer
Free training for educators
Forma for Construction training for educators (US only)

Sign up for a free, in-depth online course aimed at training educators how to use, teach, and implement Forma for Construction into the classroom.

This course is limited to U.S. and Canadian educators.

Sign up for the course
Free resources for educators

Start of 2-item list "Free resources for educators". Skip to end?

Learning resources
Forma for Construction learning resources

Crafted collaboratively with respected academia, industry, and Autodesk experts, this curriculum prepares students for the job market of today and the future.

Get learning resources
Research report
Autodesk's State of Design & Make: Spotlight on Construction report

From AI to sustainability, the way we build is rapidly transforming. Learn the latest insights and trends to prepare students for today’s evolving construction industry.

Learn more

End of 2-item list "Free resources for educators". Skip to start?

Autodesk education plans

Student plan

Free for students and educators at qualified educational institutions.

1 named-user seat

Renewable 1-year subscription

Educator plan

Free access for educators at qualified educational institutions.

250 named-user seats

Renewable 1-year subscription

Invite an entire class or invite individual students

IT Administrator plan

Free for school IT administrators at qualified educational institutions.

3,000 named-user seats

Renewable 3-year subscription

Single sign-on (SSO)

Frequently asked questions (FAQ) on Forma for Construction: software for students and educators 
What is the Forma industry cloud?

The Forma industry cloud is Autodesk’s AI-native platform for the AECO industry that connects all stakeholders, fragmented workflows, and data into a single, insight-driven environment. This helps support more informed decision-making across planning, design, construction, and operations.

Is Forma replacing Autodesk Construction Cloud? 

No, Forma is not replacing Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Rather, they are expanding the Forma industry cloud by adding the capabilities of ACC to it. ACC products will be represented as part of the Forma industry cloud brand. ACC’s enterprise controls, infrastructure, and user management will now extend across all of Forma.

Will this impact current product roadmaps? 

No. Current product roadmaps will continue to be delivered as planned. Joining the Forma industry cloud is expected to enable a more seamless experience and accelerate development of new tools.

Will there be changes to current ACC product capabilities, modules, or workflows? 

No. There will be no disruption to how existing customers access or use ACC products. Licensing, subscriptions, files, permissions, folder structures, and current connections will remain intact. Automations, integrations, and APIs will also not be affected, and no data migration is required.

Will the ACC mobile app change in any way? 

Outside of branding, the mobile app will not change. Functional updates will continue as planned according to the existing roadmap, ensuring ongoing improvements without disruption to the user experience.

Will the ACC user interface change or look different? 

The core functionality and layout of the ACC user interface will remain consistent to ensure a smooth experience for existing users. The new Forma branding will be introduced, and UX improvements will continue as part of ongoing product enhancements.

Why is Docs changing to Data Management? 

Autodesk Docs is being rebranded to Forma Data Management to better represent the full capabilities of Docs and demonstrate expanded support for both files and granular data within the common data environment that spans planning, design, construction, and operations.

I’m an educator or IT administrator. How can I help students get access to Cloud Worksharing tools?

To enable students to use Cloud Worksharing tools for their coursework, make sure they have access to the following:

Co-authoring tools (Revit or Civil 3D): Assign a seat in Autodesk Account.

Cloud Worksharing: Assign a seat in Autodesk Account.

Forma for Construction: Create or access your Forma for Construction hub and follow the steps outlined here.

Have more questions about Cloud Worksharing? Visit Autodesk’s support site here.

I’m a student and need access to Revit Cloud Worksharing or Collaboration for Civil3D for my coursework. What should I do?   

To access Revit Cloud Worksharing or Collaboration for Civil 3D for your coursework, you must be invited by your school (e.g. an educator or IT administrator). Follow these steps:

Request an invitation to Forma for Construction and Cloud Worksharing subscriptions from your educator or school IT administrator.

Ensure you have a subscription to the co-authoring tool, either Revit or Civil 3D: you can either request your own subscription or be invited by your educator or school IT administrator.

Make sure the same account email is used for all subscriptions, Forma for Construction, Cloud Worksharing, Revit and/or Civil 3D.

What’s included in the Forma for Construction education subscription? 

The Forma for Construction education subscription includes:

Forma Build

Forma Takeoff

Forma Data Management

Forma AutoSpecs

Forma Design Collaboration

Where can I find ready-to-use Forma for Construction learning resources?

Access classroom-ready assets and Autodesk Construction Cloud curriculum along with on-demand, self-paced courses. Step-by-steps instructions can be also accessed by clicking the “Get Started” tab, viewable on each of the course module pages.

Are there any additional resources available that I can integrate into classroom curriculum?

Yes, additional teaching and learning resources by industry and academic courses are available through the Autodesk Educator learning resources.

Is Forma for Construction free for students and educators?

Forma for Construction is available to eligible education users for free educational use through the Autodesk Education Plan.

I’m an educator or IT Admin. How I help students get access to Forma for Construction?

Educators and IT Admins need to set up a Forma for Construction account for their school, invite students as members, create a project and assign students to the project with the required product subscriptions. Once you’ve completed these steps, students will receive an email invitation to create their own Autodesk account if they do not have one already. From there, students will be able to sign-in and use Forma for Construction.

I’m a student and I need access to Forma for Construction for my coursework. What do I do?

To get access to Forma for Construction for your coursework, you will need to be invited by your school (for example by your educator or IT admin).

See more FAQ
Legal terms and conditions

Free Autodesk software and/or cloud-based services are subject to acceptance of and compliance with the terms and conditions of the terms of use and/or other terms that accompany such software or cloud-based services. Software and cloud-based services subject to an Educational license or subscription may be used by eligible users solely for Educational Purposes and shall not be used for commercial, professional or any other for-profit purposes.