Xem trang này bằng Tiếng Việt.
Tiếp tục
Students & Teachers
Overview
Photoshop
Features
Compare Plans
Buy now
Sign in
Home
/
Education
/
Photoshop For Students
Photoshop
Make images that vibe with your vision.

Students get Photoshop as part of Adobe Creative Cloud at 76% off. Save on the world's leading photography software and 20+ apps that give you all you need to build your craft or career. Plus, craft something truly unique with the new Photoshop on iPhone.

Regularly at
US$33.99/mo 
Alternatively at
US$7.99/moincl. VAT for the annual billed monthly plan for the first year. See terms.

Buy now
Free trial

Photoshop goes where you go.

Take your creativity to new places. Crop and expand images, adjust color, add and remove objects, and more with Photoshop on desktop, web, iPhone, and iPad.

Create images as expressive as you are.

Make your social shine with tools for fast or more advanced photo edits, memorable memes, and wow-worthy graphics. Boost your brand, express your originality, and grow your following in just a few clicks.

Be in a class of your own.

Impress instructors or admissions offices with documents that pop. Add custom graphics to slideshows or illustrations to reports, and give your academic work an A+ aesthetic.

Grab attention online and on campus.

Promote causes or events with images, posters, and ads that stand out on social or in print. Start with templates, fonts, and stock assets included with Creative Cloud, and then put your spin on it.

Design the job of your dreams.

Access a library of skill-enhancing tutorials for jump-starting your career or side hustle. Give resumes and portfolios a pro look, or grow your freelance gigs and online store with endless creative resources.

Connected creative apps for social clicks and the classroom.

Save 76% with student pricing on the Creative Cloud Pro and get 20+ apps like Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, illustrator, and Premiere, plus free resources and creative support. Creative Cloud apps are built to work together so all you need is at your fingertips.

Buy now
Free trial

Frequently asked questions.
Is Photoshop free for students?
How much is Photoshop for students?
Do students get a discount on Photoshop?
What apps are eligible for Adobe Creative Cloud student pricing?
How much is Adobe Creative Cloud for students?
How do I get the Adobe Creative Cloud student discount?
Besides Photoshop, what other apps are included in the Creative Cloud Pro plan?
What templates and stock assets are free with Creative Cloud?
How do I get started with Creative Cloud?
Can I use Photoshop and other Creative Cloud apps on my phone or mobile device?