Xem trang này bằng Tiếng Việt.
Tiếp tục
Students & Teachers
Overview
Illustrator
Features
Compare Plans
Buy now
Sign in
Home
/
Education
/
Illustrator For Students
Adobe Illustrator
Gorgeous graphics, designed by you.

Students get Adobe Illustrator as part of Adobe Creative Cloud at 76% off. Create graphics for any project or assignment with the industry standard vector design software and save on 20+ other powerful creative apps.

Regularly at
US$33.99/mo 
Alternatively at
US$7.99/moincl. VAT for the annual billed monthly plan for the first year. See terms.

Buy now
Free trial

Create at the speed of now.

Go from idea to design faster with the help of generative AI. Discover new features to handle the busywork so you can stay focused on creating.

Get iconic on social and in life.

Build your personal brand online and everywhere else with graphics that look sharp at any size. Make your mark to scale on logos, GIFs, business cards, or even billboards.

Add style to schoolwork.

Create unforgettable projects that are sleek and skillful. Stand out in class with your personal flair for custom graphics in presentations and infographics.

Create for your community.

Celebrate your campus or club with one-of-a-kind swag and posters. Or make merchandise to rally support for a cause and watch your message take off.

Rev up your resume.

Learn something new with thousands of comprehensive how-tos. Then, show off what you know in eye-catching icons, logos, and designs for your resume or website.

Connected creative apps for social clicks and the classroom.

Save 76% with student pricing on the Creative Cloud Pro and get 20+ apps like Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, illustrator, and Premiere, plus free resources and creative support. Creative Cloud apps are built to work together so all you need is at your fingertips.

Buy now
Free trial

Frequently asked questions.
Is Illustrator free for students?
How much is Illustrator for students?
What’s the difference between Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator?
Which Adobe Apps are eligible for student pricing?
Do students get a discount on Illustrator?
How much is Adobe Creative Cloud for students?
How do I get the Adobe Creative Cloud student discount?
Besides Illustrator, what other apps are included in the Creative Cloud Pro plan?
Can I use Illustrator and other apps on my phone or mobile device?
How do I get started with Creative Cloud?
What templates and stock are free with Creative Cloud?