Skip to content
Products
Toggle sub-navigation for Products
Customers
Toggle sub-navigation for Customers
Solutions
Toggle sub-navigation for Solutions
Resources
Toggle sub-navigation for Resources
Pricing
Toggle sub-navigation for Pricing
Contact Us 1-800-270-6977 Sign In  
Start for free
 
Buy now
   
The 2026 Iron Viz Qualifier results are in.

Three viz-whizzes served up a five-star data experience that won over the judges. Now they're headed to the big stage.

Hundreds of vizzes. Three finalists. One champion.

After pouring over 122 submissions from the global Tableau community, the judges selected the top three contenders who turned Food and Drink data into visual feasts. Get ready to witness them go head-to-head (and marks-to-marks) live during the Iron Viz Championship at Tableau Conference  May 5–7, 2026, in San Diego.

Watch the replay  of the LinkedIn livestream where the top 10 visualizations and three finalists were revealed, or head to the blog for all the details.

Register for TC26
Meet your 2026 Iron Viz finalists.

Get to know the competitors who whipped up powerful visualizations with the perfect blend of design, analysis, and storytelling.

Packing for Mars

by Ann Pregler

Explore
Nutrition, Energy Sources, and Ingredients of Dim Sum

by Kevin Wee

Explore
The Confection Connection

by Brian Moore

Explore
Fame, glory, and prizes

Every qualifying participant earns a LinkedIn Badge and a spot in the Iron Viz Gallery—plus, feedback and scores are available on request.

The top 10 finishers snag a $200 Tableau Store gift card to deck out your data swag. The top 3 finalists move on to the Iron Viz Championship, where the stakes are sky-high:

1st place: $15,000 cash prize; $15,000 to a nonprofit of choice; and the Iron Viz Champion trophy
2nd place: $6,000 cash prize; and $6,000 to a nonprofit of choice
3rd place: $6,000 cash prize; and $6,000 to a nonprofit of choice

And the prestige of competing on the global Iron Viz stage? Priceless.

Find your 'why.' It’s not just about winning or comparing your viz to others. Build something you love, challenge your skills, and try something new. There are countless reasons to enter—and the community has your back. You won’t regret it.
CJ Mayes
Tableau Visionary and Iron Viz Finalist, London, UK
See the best of Iron Viz.

Explore the Iron Viz Gallery, filled with visualization masterpieces from previous qualifiers.

From Empire To Identity

by Robert Taylor

Explore
Late-night Snacks

by Shreya Arya

Explore
Sunday Dinners

by Kimly Scott

Explore
Visit the gallery
Judging Criteria
Design
Visual elements add to the overall understanding of the visualization rather than distract
Interactivity and layout are user-friendly, instructed/specified, and purposeful
Charts are clearly presenting the data
Charts contain a title, summary, and/or caption
All charts contribute to the story
Accessibility is applied - colorblind/low vision (contrast) friendly palette, limited use of images to convey text, font size 12pt or larger
Analysis
Viz topic aligns with contest theme
Dataset and calculations appear to be accurate and clean
Analysis illustrates profound insights grasped from visualizations
Analysis supports the story being told
Analysis has been mostly produced within Tableau
Analysis highlights a broad range of Tableau capabilities
Storytelling
A clear story is being told
Story flows through visualizations and guides consumers from question to insight
Visualizations and animations support the story being told
The story includes a unique idea or perspective
The story being told has complexity/nuance that elevates the visualizations.
Storytelling captures and maintains interest throughout the entire viz
Qualifier Contest FAQ
What is Iron Viz?

Iron Viz is the world’s largest data visualization competition. Taking place at Tableau Conference in San Diego, three worthy contestants take center stage in front of a global audience and have 20 minutes to deliver a compelling and awe-inspiring story using the same data set.

When does Iron Viz take place?
How will the winner be chosen?
Will I receive my scores or feedback if I participated in the Qualifiers?
How is Iron Viz: Student Edition different from Iron Viz?
Official Iron Viz Qualifier Rules

* No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited. See Official Rules:

English  | German  | French  | Finnish  | Estonian  | Dutch  | Danish  | Czech  | Chinese  | Greek  | Hindi  | Hungarian  | Japanese  | Korean  | Norwegian  | Polish  | Romanian  | Spanish  | Swedish 

Connect with customers and boost your bottom line with actionable insights
Try Tableau for free
Buy Tableau now

Try for free

What is Tableau?
Agentic Analytics
Build a Data Culture
Data Analytics Insights
Tableau Research
Contact Us
Tableau Community
Tableau Public
Tableau User Groups
Community Leaders
DataDev
Community Projects
Tableau Neighborhood
Academic Programs
Events
Partners
Find a partner
Become a partner
Support
Knowledge Base
Learning and Certification
Tableau Help
All Releases
English (US) 
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Français (Canada)
Français (France)
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português
Svenska
ไทย
简体中文
繁體中文
Trust Blog Developer Contact Us
Legal Terms Of Service Privacy Information Responsible Disclosure Cookie Preferences Your Privacy Choices
LinkedIn
 
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2026 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
Cookie Consent Manager
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information

We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement

Required Cookies
Always Active

Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.

Cookies Details
Functional Cookies
 Functional Cookies

Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.

Cookies Details
Advertising Cookies
 Advertising Cookies

Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.

Cookies Details
Cookie List

 
Consent Leg.Interest
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
Clear
 checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Save Settings
Accept All Cookies