Products
For Business
Education
Solutions
Support
Pricing
Study in Europe With JetBrains
Bachelor’s degrees
Get prepared
Student benefits
News
Bachelor’s degrees
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence at Neapolis University Pafos

This four-year undergraduate program focuses on data science, machine learning, robotics, software engineering, and theoretical computer science.

Software, Data and Technology at Constructor University

This three-year bachelor's program, offered by Constructor University, combines the latest in software development, data analysis, and machine learning.

Meet your educators
CSAI
SDT
CSAI and SDT

Alexander Avdiushenko holds a Ph.D. degree in math modeling. He is a dedicated educator and researcher at the JetBrains Education and Research team. With over three years of experience as a Data Scientist and over eight years of teaching at top universities, he has honed his skills in deep learning and data optimization. Passionate about both machine learning and human learning, Alexander has developed an engaging Machine Learning course that showcases his expertise and commitment to education.
Sample video lecture: Developing Critical Thinking in the Era of ChatGPT.

Alexander Avdiushenko

Tatiana Berlenko is a researcher in the Mobile Robot Algorithms Lab at JetBrains Research, interested in Simultaneous Localization and Mapping in 3D. Tatiana has six years of experience teaching Computer Science and Software Engineering at universities, creating MOOCs, and conducting STEM-based robotics schools for students and schoolchildren.

Tatiana Berlenko

Dmitry Botov holds a Ph.D. degree in Artificial Intelligence. He has over 12 years of experience in Machine Learning & Data Engineering. He designs and teaches original courses on Project Management in Data Science and ML System Design and actively uses the practices of project-oriented and problem-based learning to develop the skills of machine learning engineers and researchers.

Dmitry Botov

Savvas Chatzichristofis is the Vice-Rector of Research and Innovation and Professor of Artificial Intelligence. His research focuses on the intersection of AI, computer vision, and robotics, and he has been involved in multiple R&D projects funded by European and National organizations.

Savvas Chatzichristofis

Avgousta Kyriakidou is an Assistant Professor and the Programme Coordinator for the BSc in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence at Neapolis University Pafos, with over 13 years of experience in Higher Education. Her current research focuses on digital innovation, business agility, digital systems development, and Artificial Intelligence within business. A Fellow of the Advance HE (UK), she currently serves as an Associate Examiner for LSE’s external program and an External Examiner for the University of Hull.

Avgousta Kyriakidou

Artem Anisimov holds a Ph.D. in mathematics and works on distributed storage systems. He is passionate about reliable and performant software, and enjoys sharing his experience. He has lectured at MIPT for more than 5 years on topics related to storage and operating systems.

Artem Anisimov

Alexander S. Kulikov holds Ph.D. and Dr.Sci. degrees from Steklov Mathematical Institute. He serves as the head of the Laboratory of Algorithms and Complexity Theory at JetBrains Research. Alexander co-authored online courses Data Structures and Algorithms and Introduction to Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science that are available at Coursera and edX with over a million enrolled students.

Alexander S. Kulikov

Pavel Mavrin is an expert in algorithms and data structures. He has published many educational videos on his YouTube channel. Pavel has participated in many programming competitions. His most prestigious title is ICPC World Champion 2004.

Pavel Mavrin

Ilya Sergey is an Associate Professor at the School of Computing of the National University of Singapore, where he leads the Verified Systems Engineering lab. Ilya got his PhD in Computer Science at KU Leuven. He does research in programming language design and implementation, distributed systems, software verification, and program synthesis.

Ilya Sergey

Alexander Shen holds a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science. He is a Directeur de recherche 2 cl., LIRMM, CNRS, University of Montpellier 2. He is the author of many books on Mathematics and Computer Science.

Alexander Shen

Andrei Smolensky holds a PhD in algebra and is doing research on the interfaces between algebra and machine learning. He has ten years of experience teaching introductory and advanced courses in algebra (in particular, those geared towards applications) to university and high school students.

Andrei Smolensky

Lefteris Zacharioudakis is an Assistant Professor of Cybersecurity at Neapolis University Pafos in Cyprus. He holds a BSc, MSc, and PhD from the National Technical University of Ukraine, “Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute.” His expertise lies primarily in data, computer, and network security, with a particular focus on cryptography and systems security.

Lefteris Zacharioudakis
1 / 12
JetBrains Foundation scholarships

Acquiring new skills requires dedication and time. JetBrains Foundation scholarships help talented students at Neapolis University Pafos and Constructor University in Bremen stay focused on their studies without having to get a job to support themselves.

The JetBrains Foundation scholarships

JetBrains Foundation provides a cost-of-living stipend that covers pretty much everything so you can focus on what matters – your studies.

The scholarship covers:	Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence	Software, Data and Technology
Tuition		
Room		
Medical insurance		
Semester ticket, mandatory semester fee	
not applicable
	


Visa fee

if applicable
		

Pocket money
	
	
Free licenses

Get free access to all JetBrains IDEs and team tools for educational purposes and use best-in-class professional tools at home and in classrooms.

Learn more
Get prepared
Youth Challenge

Join our competition for young coders and mathematicians. The challenge consists of two tracks: math and coding. The new season starts in Autumn 2025.

Register
Youth Math Club

A free online club for high schoolers to strengthen problem-solving abilities and math skills. The results can be applied as an additional 5 points (about ⅓) of an entrance test mark for BSc’s supported by JetBrains.

Check out
Youth Coding Club

Codeforces contests with live discussions, led by Pavel Mavrin (@pashka) – ICPC World Champion 2004, IOI 2002 Silver Medalist.

Check out
Youth AI Club

A free online club for high schoolers interested in AI. This club will help you dive into AI, learn the basics, and even reach the Olympiad level (like IOAI) with due diligence and effort.

Check out
ACTS Online

This camp is designed for high schoolers who have demonstrated prowess in competitive programming and are aiming to excel in national and international contests and olympiads. Learn directly from world champions in competitive programming.

Check out
ACTS in-person Camp

Eleven-day intense competition with programming champions worldwide and expert feedback. Designed for high school students, it is tailored to those with a track record in coding competitions and olympiads who aim to excel internationally.

Check out
Follow your learners’ journey

Kamaliia Alisheva

Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence BSc student

Since I was a kid, I loved math and IT, and I used to go to math camps, which I really enjoyed. This made me want to study Computer Science, where I can keep exploring both of these fields. One of the highlights of the CSAI program is the internship opportunities offered by JetBrains, which provide practical experience. Additionally, the small class sizes mean teachers can give personalized attention to every student.

Stanislav Sandler

Software, Data and Technology BSc student

The program is unique and differs from the usual understanding of an undergraduate program. It was useful to have experience with programming and having a strong mathematical background beforehand, the courses can be tough for some. The highlight of my education here so far are the amazing people I've met, both students and teachers. This opened a lot of opportunities that I've never even thought of having, and no other program could've given me that.

Eliška Macáková

IOI 2024 Gold medal,
ACTS Camp participant

If you want to get gold at IOI, meet a lot of cool people, or just win a water gun and compete in rolling toilet paper as fast as possible, the ACTS camp is the right place for you. I've gained lots of new memories and knowledge, and I definitely recommend the camp to everyone else.

Alejandro Vivero

IOI 2024 Gold medal, ACTS Camp participant

The ACTS was an amazing camp and one of the best events I've ever been to. The teachers were excellent, and there were a variety of lectures, both from competitive programming topics and more general informatics ones, and contests. Besides the academic part, there were several fun activities organized.

Show more reviews
Student benefits

Become a JetBrains Intern

Become a JetBrains team member, working on challenging issues with some of the best developers in their field. Enjoy our flexible remote and onsite positions for students in Europe.

Learn more

Join the Joint Advanced Student School (JASS)

Welcome to our annual international school in project-driven software development and robotics.

Learn more

ICPC Club

A private club for SDT and CSAI students interested in competitive programming. Led by two-time ICPC champion Niyaz Nigmatullin, members participate in weekly practice contests.

Advance your skills with JetBrains Academy

Build real-world projects, follow guided interactive courses, participate in programming contests, and tackle gamified missions. Learn computer science your way.

Explore course catalog
What's new

Subscribe to JetBrains Academy updates

I agree that my personal data will be processed for this purpose.
Subscribe
Have questions?

Do you have a suggestion to share? Drop a line!

0/65535
I agree that my personal data will be processed for this purpose.
Submit
AI
JetBrains AI
AI Assistant
Junie
AI in IDEs
AI Enterprise
AI News
Developer Tools
All Products
IDEs
.NET and Visual Studio
Team Tools
Plugin Marketplace
Toolbox App
Solutions
Business
Data
IDE Services
Remote Development
Game Development
DevOps
Initiatives
Kotlin
Open Source
JetBrains Research
JetBrains Mono
MPS
Education
Students
Teachers
Bootcamps
Teams
Course Catalog
University Programs
Store
Plans and Pricing
All Products Pack
dotUltimate
Partners and Resellers
Customers and Awards
Support
Technical Support
Contact Sales
Documentation
JetBrains Account
Resources
Blog
Early Access
Events and Livestreams
Newsletters
Industry Reports
Inspectopedia
Desktop Art
AI Agents Hub
Community
User Groups
Open-Source Partnerships
Developer Recognition
Content Creators
Course Creators
Company
About
Contacts
Careers
Brand Assets
Merchandise
Trust Center
Loading...
English
Privacy and Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Attributions
Legal
Genuine Tools
Opt-Out
Copyright © 2000-2026 JetBrains s.r.o.
Developed with drive and IntelliJ IDEA